I'm creating a whole attic new profits
new markets the holeshot as the second
load now that's been light and overcut
I'm aware your territory it's your
responsibility so fix it you gotta be
thankful it's not good
double the task force we gotta get this
off the streets we going somewhere
there are some administrative issues I
have to attend to
are you happy it's a start
you coming on this next one with me I
cut you in on the endgame
all right
ready to go
if you fix the problem
so you're a big-time player now it's a
big boat you're rocking
as long as we've been fighting it
nothing has changed
have you lost your mind you have gamble
you have lost its
goodbye go
[Music]
what's them that counts it bottles I'll
replace them I'm going to the boardwalk
coming
are you guys just gonna stay down here
actually just going exploring
where that peninsula across the bay
sounds like an adventure
[Music]
alright lastly I waited but no one fell
uncle accusing me I leave a buried here
don't tell anyone
fine Jason no place was a bus it's real
there's no lucky tell me what's buried
here or I shall read Bing why don't you
learn mind in that mess when you're done
playing the bad boys I promised you pal
read it'll be in jail
nothin human rumors that my friends have
been talking to the police I think he'll
be more interested in it
Red's crazy and red doesn't like it when
people lie you need to stand up to
that comics
this is your origin story
are you gonna grow up to be the good guy
or the bad guy
[Music]
I don't know yes you do ignite don't be
nervous
you want to give me some tips don't mess
it up I love you do let's get a picture
I feel take it though so it doesn't suck
all right big smiles
[Music]
Melissa hi Philip Wow
guess it's been a long time it must seem
strange me keep showing up here after
all these years I've only ever been with
Ronny
[Music]
the night that he died five years ago I
know some strange miracle has happened
his baby inside me belongs Tyrone get
her out of my house it is completely
impossible to take shape not completely
impossible
with she seems stable are you doing this
[Music]
Ronnie would have liked you looking out
for her you two always had a thing
there's more answers than those you can
see
[Music]
I'm not crazy it's just the only answer
that there is is it
they confuse
what did you do to her Richard
you just have this big web of deceit
going on
[Music]
if we knew the whole truth would we be
less afraid or more
[Music]
rated pg-13
you
[Music]
Mike make ammeter
I'm probably gonna need to borrow some
money
are you Chloe I wouldn't be asking if I
wasn't desperate
[Music]
how's it going just try it with my money
in Braille
it's all there I swear you drive for me
when I need you end of the day you get
your two bills you can't miss your child
support payments you won't just lose
visitation with your son you will go to
jail
it's the world we live in where father
can't even see his own son sir
wait up so what are you gonna do dad I
got some for you if you want to see your
girlfriend again 20 grand cash
[Music]
it's okay it's okay okay
I promise I won't hurt you
[Music]
is everything okay somebody took some
what's going on
where are they everything's gonna be
okay please describe to me the feelings
and sensations you experience when
beating your son hi baby
okay I'll meet you there we're gonna
have to cut this short I'm afraid when
you have a baby everything changes
it's like you're going crazy and if you
need me to come and stay for a while
yeah thanks mom we got this how can you
take care of her if you don't taking
care of yourself you okay
I'm a social worker all my clients are
children at risk did he hurt you again
you know I have to report this legally
he gets what he deserves
right hey buddy
eat it right no charge had any late
night absences detective are you saying
you think that I might have something to
do with this what are you gonna do when
they find out who you really are
do everything we can for our sons
happy daddy makes a happy home
please welcome playwright Mel hey Dad
I'm not trying to be a nag
[Music]
I'm not who you think I am
great come here no what's up does anyone
call your job no well they should your
mom she's dead
why is a soap actress a co-owner of our
building oh my god yes looks like looks
a lot like you you want to meet her
right now
yes
[Music]
we don't know her she's our mother this
is awful I can come up with a good
storyline if you do that I would give
you my firstborn
[Music]
I have to learn how to be an adult you
do not want my mom as your mom is she
funny not on purpose
I know that you're processing a lot
right now I just don't want need to get
arrested I'm calling the cops
what is your name ma'am how was that
pronounce Ronda normally very on top of
it totally fabulous you laugh that's
insane you want to do it I would never
leave you high and dry I'm not a monster
though no Jackie she abandoned her
children Oh already gotcha so might as
well get
[Applause]
[Music]
hello I wish I was a little on the
rebels I was a ball they're rubbish I
had a groove
arrested for what might be an arrest for
huh you think you're high cuz you don't
know how good I am at what I knew I see
you come try real hard be a
twelve-year-old pie fight it's not a pie
fight
think it through what's your mother got
a job for just in case in case what
I in case you fail in case you don't
work out yes man she's filling your head
full of beer I pump you full of strength
cuz wrong team and I know you got what
it takes you're starting I know it
that's why I'm here I'm your cheerleader
honey boy
don't need to talk about my dad good
take good tape you did it daddy good job
everybody
my dad's not the reason that drink he's
the reason I work you have been eating I
have good instincts I got rodeo clowning
so I could never make it home what could
if you start what I did
how do you think it feels to have my son
paying me
how do you think that feels you wouldn't
be here if I didn't pave why don't we
see ghosts every day most hauntings are
so small they go unnoticed my name is
Martin
[Music]
coming my sweet I'm doing an incantation
Oh
[Music]
coming soon oh my god
Minneapolis sir Volker whatever you have
sir I'm sorry I'm not allowed to give
you any alcohol
says who the doctor that carried you
onto the plane I hate to lose to me cuz
you're my brother
and you're break-in mom and dad's house
truth is I don't need to be here I'm not
like these other people while the same
in here we've got to look out for one
another
[Music]
I've never seen this degree of
degradation in someone so young if you
were to start using again it's more than
likely that you were going to cardiac
arrest immediately
let's take a walk are you doing some
days I feel okay others I just want to
go off and I don't call and I don't tell
you that as soon as you realize that
there is no choice there's a choice
not an addict I'm not an addict
[Applause]
you don't have the balls to face it
that's what I think so you do have life
left in you you can win this thing yeah
yeah you can
you don't have to do this alone
you know we could get thrown out for
doing this a second of freedom is worth
more than a lifetime of bondage
I'm just scared I'm leaving I know that
I'm not better I try
we got two choices you can let it kill
you you can let it go and move on
make peace for yourself
you know worthwhile human being jokes
we've got a lot to give people
[Music]
goddamn on the backer gorilla
that's really house I'm glad I could be
a syllabus this cannot be
[Music]
[Applause]
I just want to get out of here
we just want to leave
still
do you wanna see my face
[Music]
in the spoke I see our future
it's a fifty-year-old catch and it needs
work I thought this was something we
could finally make ours something that
could take us to a better place
[Music]
mary has an imaginary friend now I hear
her talking to her Almighty
don't play the scary Mary something's
very very wrong yeah I'm seeing things
that I can't explain
[Music]
every time this ship went out onto open
water people disappeared the thing about
boats there's nowhere to run we should
turn back we're too far to turn back
you can erase the past you thought you
could bring your family to the sea you
ruin everything you love
it all belongs to her now
Mary Mary come on Mary
[Music]
what a lovely morning time to wake the
children
really a spite that you can make it can
and then Wednesday what do you have that
I'm not sure there's usually a motorist
clown attached to the other end of these
so different
Pugsley don't drink it all this
gentleman wants some too welcome to the
neighborhood what I'm interesting home
fire in the hole
you dunk my battleship these people are
monsters they'll ruin the neighborhood
[Applause]
done little this thing let's show them
what it means to be an Addams
joke on this
kidding me
oh yes
right this family yuck
I've done this thousands of times
[Music]
totally awesome